I fully understand.
I fully understand.
I cannot say. 
I have to respect the person that, if it’s not me, the person that wins, if I do win, and I’m leading by quite a bit, that’s what I want to do. 
I can totally make that pledge. 
If I’m the nominee, I will pledge I will not run as an independent. 
But — and I am discussing it with everybody, but I’m, you know, talking about a lot of leverage. 
We want to win, and we will win. But I want to win as the Republican. 
I want to run as the Republican nominee.
Well, I’ve given him plenty of money.
I will not make the pledge at this time.
Only Rosie O’Donnell.
Thank you.
Yes, I’m sure it was.
I think the big problem this country has is being politically correct.
I’ve been challenged by so many people, and I don’t frankly have time for total political correctness. 
And to be honest with you, this country doesn’t have time either. 
This country is in big trouble. 
We don’t win anymore. 
We lose to China. 
We lose to Mexico both in trade and at the border. 
We lose to everybody.
And frankly, what I say, and oftentimes it’s fun, it’s kidding. 
We have a good time. 
What I say is what I say. 
And honestly Megyn, if you don’t like it, I’m sorry. 
I’ve been very nice to you, although I could probably maybe not be, based on the way you have treated me. 
But I wouldn’t do that.
But you know what, we — we need strength, we need energy, we need quickness and we need brain in this country to turn it around. 
That, I can tell you right now.
So, if it weren’t for me, you wouldn’t even be talking about illegal immigration, Chris. 
You wouldn’t even be talking about it.
This was not a subject that was on anybody’s mind until I brought it up at my announcement. 
And I said, Mexico is sending. 
Except the reporters, because they’re a very dishonest lot, generally speaking, in the world of politics, they didn’t cover my statement the way I said it.
The fact is, since then, many killings,murders, crime, drugs pouring across the border, are money going out and the drugs coming in. 
And I said we need to build a wall, and it has to be built quickly.
And I don’t mind having a big beautiful door in that wall so that people can come into this country legally. 
But we need, Jeb, to build a wall, we need to keep illegals out.
Border Patrol, I was at the border last week. 
Border Patrol, people that I deal with, that I talk to, they say this is what’s happening. 
Because our leaders are stupid. 
Our politicians are stupid.
And the Mexican government is much smarter, much sharper, much more cunning. 
And they send the bad ones over because they don’t want to pay for them. They don’t want to take care of them.
Why should they when the stupid leaders of the United States will do it for them? And that’s what is happening whether you like it or not.
A complete disaster, yes.
Correct.
First of all, I’d like to just go back to one. 
In July of 2004, I came out strongly against the war with Iraq, because it was going to destabilize the Middle East. 
And I’m the only one on this stage that knew that and had the vision to say it. 
And that’s exactly what happened.
And the Middle East became totally destabilized. 
So I just want to say.
As far as single payer, it works in Canada. 
It works incredibly well in Scotland. 
It could have worked in a different age, which is the age you’re talking about here.
What I’d like to see is a private system without the artificial lines around every state. 
I have a big company with thousands and thousands of employees. 
And if I’m negotiating in New York or in New Jersey or in California, I have like one bidder. 
Nobody can bid.
You know why?
Because the insurance companies are making a fortune because they have control of the politicians, of course, with the exception of the politicians on this stage.
But they have total control of the politicians. 
They’re making a fortune.
Get rid of the artificial lines and you will have yourself great plans. 
And then we have to take care of the people that can’t take care of themselves. 
And I will do that through a different system.
I’m not — I’m not are — I don’t think you heard me. 
You’re having a hard time tonight.
You’d better believe it.
If I ask them, if I need them, you know, most of the people on this stage I’ve given to, just so you understand, a lot of money.
Sounds good to me, Governor.
And that’s a broken system.
Well, I’ll tell you what, with Hillary Clinton, I said be at my wedding and she came to my wedding.
You know why?
She didn’t have a choice because I gave. 
I gave to a foundation that, frankly, that foundation is supposed to do good. 
I didn’t know her money would be used on private jets going all over the world. 
It was.
Because I have used the laws of this country just like the greatest people that you read about every day in business have used the laws of this country, the chapter laws, to do a great job for my company, for myself, for my employees, for my family, et cetera.
I have never gone bankrupt, by the way. 
I have never.
But out of hundreds of deals.
Excuse me. 
Excuse me.
Excuse me, what am I saying? Out of hundreds of deals that I’ve done, hundreds, on four occasions I’ve taken advantage of the laws of this country, like other people. 
I’m not going to name their names because I’m not going to embarrass, but virtually every person that you read about on the front page of the business sections, they’ve used the law.
The difference is, when somebody else uses those laws, nobody writes about it. 
When I use it, they say, “Trump, Trump, Trump.” 
The fact is, I built a net worth of more than $10 billion. 
I have a great, great company. 
I employ thousands of people. 
And I’m very proud of the job I did.
Again Chris, hundreds and hundreds of deals. 
Four times, I’ve taken advantage of the laws. 
And frankly, so has everybody else in my position.
Let me just tell you about the lenders. 
First of all, these lenders aren’t babies. 
These are total killers. 
These are not the nice, sweet little people that you think, OK?
You know, I mean you’re living in a world of the make-believe, Chris, you want to know the truth.
And I had the good sense to leave Atlantic City, which by the way, Caesars just went bankrupt. 
Every company, Chris can tell you, every company virtually in Atlantic City went bankrupt.
Every company.
And let me just tell you. 
I had the good sense, and I’ve gotten a lot of credit in the financial pages, seven years ago I left Atlantic City before it totally cratered, and I made a lot of money in Atlantic City, and I’m very proud of it. 
I want to tell you that. 
Very, very proud of it.
And by the way, this country right now owes $19 trillion. 
And they need somebody like me to straighten out that mess.
I don’t think they like me very much. 
I’ll tell you what. 
I’ve evolved on many issues over the years. 
And you know who else has? 
Is Ronald Reagan evolved on many issues.
And I am pro-life. 
And if you look at the question, I was in business. 
They asked me a question as to pro-life or choice. 
And I said if you let it run, that I hate the concept of abortion. 
I hate the concept of abortion. 
And then since then, I’ve very much evolved.
And what happened is friends of mine years ago were going to have a child, and it was going to be aborted. 
And it wasn’t aborted. 
And that child today is a total superstar, a great, great child. 
And I saw that. 
And I saw other instances.
And I am very, very proud to say that I am pro-life.
As far as being a Republican is concerned, I come from a place, New York City, which is virtually, I mean, it is almost exclusively Democrat. 
And I have really started to see some of the negatives — as an example, and I have a lot of liking for this man, but the last number of months of his brother’s administration were a catastrophe. 
And unfortunately, those few months gave us President Obama. 
And you can’t be happy about that.
First of all, Jeb, I am very happy that you denied that, and I appreciate that very much. 
He is a true gentleman. 
He really is.
One thing he did say, and I mean that. 
The one thing he did say about me, however, was my tone. And I also understand that. 
But when you have people that are cutting Christians’ heads off, when you have a world that the border and at so many places, that it is medieval times, we’ve never — it almost has to be as bad as it ever was in terms of the violence and the horror, we don’t have time for tone. 
We have to go out and get the job done.
I would be so different from what you have right now. 
Like, the polar opposite. We have a president who doesn’t have a clue. 
I would say he’s incompetent, but I don’t want to do that because that’s not nice.
But if you look at the deals we make, whether it’s the nuclear deal with 24 hour periods — and by the way, before you get to the 24 hours, you have to go through a system. 
You look at Sergeant Bergdahl, we get Bergdahl, a traitor, and they get five of the big, great killers leaders that they want. 
We have people in Washington that don’t know what they’re doing. Now
I agree.
Now, with Iran, we’re making a deal, you would say, we want him. 
We want out our prisoners. We want all these things, and we don’t get anything. 
We’re giving them $150 billion dollars plus, they are going to be — I’ll tell you what, if Iran was a stock, you folks should go out and buy it right now because you’ll quadruple — this, what’s happening in Iran, is a disgrace, and it’s going to lead to destruction in large portions of the world.
Our country is in serious trouble. 
We don’t win anymore.
We don’t beat China in trade. 
We don’t beat Japan, with their millions and millions of cars coming into this country, in trade. 
We can’t beat Mexico, at the border or in trade.
We can’t do anything right. 
ur military has to be strengthened. 
Our vets have to be taken care of. 
We have to end Obamacare, and we have to make our country great again, and I will do that.
Thank you.
I can’t be Neil. 
And the and the reason I can’t be is that we are a country that is being beaten on every front economically, militarily. 
There is nothing that we do now to win. 
We don’t win anymore. 
Our taxes are too high. 
I’ve come up with a tax plan that many, many people like very much. 
It’s going to be a tremendous plan. 
I think it’ll make our country and our economy very dynamic.
But, taxes too high, wages too high, we’re not going to be able to compete against the world. 
I hate to say it, but we have to leave it the way it is. 
People have to go out, they have to work really hard and have to get into that upper stratum. 
But we can not do this if we are going to compete with the rest of the world. We just can’t do it.
I would not do it.
I was so happy yesterday when I saw that decision come down. 
That was an unbelievable decision.
And we don’t have enough of those decisions coming down. 
He of the executive order, because nobody wants to listen to him, including the Democrats, so he just goes around signing executive orders. That was a great day. 
And, frankly, we have to stop illegal immigration. 
It’s hurting us economically. 
It’s hurting us from every standpoint. 
It’s causing tremendous difficulty with respect to drugs and what that does to many of our inner cities in particular.
And it really is — was such an unbelievable moment because the courts have not been ruling in our favor. 
nd it was a 2-1 decision. 
And it was a terrific thing that happened.
And I will tell you, we are a country of laws. 
We need borders. 
We will have a wall. 
The wall will be built. 
The wall will be successful. 
And if you think walls don’t work, all you have to do is ask Israel. 
The wall works, believe me. 
Properly done. 
Believe me.
You are going to have to bring people — you are going to have to send people out. 
Look, we’re a country.
Maria, we’re a country of laws. 
We either have a country or we don’t have a country. 
We are a country of laws. 
Going to have to go out and they will come back but they are going to have to go out and hopefully they get back.
But we have no choice if we’re going to run our country properly and if we’re going to be a country.
All I can say is, you’re lucky in Ohio that you struck oil. 
That is for one thing.
Let me just tell you that Dwight Eisenhower, good president, great president, people liked him. 
“I like Ike,” right? The expression. 
“I like Ike.” 
Moved a 1.5 million illegal immigrants out of this country, moved them just beyond the border. 
They came back.
Moved them again beyond the border, they came back. 
Didn’t like it. 
oved them way south. 
They never came back.
Dwight Eisenhower. 
You don’t get nicer. 
You don’t get friendlier. 
They moved a 1.5 million out. 
We have no choice. 
We have no choice.
No, it’s unfair.
We have millions of people right now on line trying to come into this country. 
Very, very unfair to the people that want to come into our country legally.
They’ve gone through the process. 
They’re on line. 
They’re waiting. 
Very, very unfair to them. 
That I can tell you.
No, I’m sorry. 
No, excuse me. 
I was there.
We have to make our military bigger, better, stronger than ever before so that nobody messes with us, and a long run, it’s going to save us. 
I agree with Marco, I agree with Ted, we have no choice. 
And, I can tell you this with certainty. 
We all have a different tax plan. 
Some I don’t totally agree with.
One thing we understand, each one of those tax plans is better than the mess that we have right now.
It’s a horrible deal.
The TPP is horrible deal. 
It is a deal that is going to lead to nothing but trouble. 
It’s a deal that was designed for China to come in, as they always do, through the back door and totally take advantage of everyone. 
It’s 5,600 pages long. 
So complex that nobodies read it. 
It’s like Obamacare; nobody ever read it. 
They passed it; nobody read it. 
And look at mess we have right now. 
And it will be repealed.
But this is one of the worst trade deals. 
And I would, yes, rather not have it. 
With all of these countries, and all of the bad ones getting advantage and taking advantage of what the good ones would normally get, I’d rather make individual deals with individual countries. 
We will do much better. 
We lose a fortune on trade. 
The United States loses with everybody. 
We’re losing now over $500 billion in terms of imbalance with China, $75 billion a year imbalance with Japan. 
By the way, Mexico, $50 billion a year imbalance.
So I must say, Gerard, I just think it’s a terrible deal. 
I love trade. 
I’m a free trader, 100 percent. 
But we need smart people making the deals, and we don’t have smart people making the deals.
Well, the currency manipulation they don’t discuss in the agreement, which is a disaster. 
If you look at the way China and India and almost everybody takes advantage of the United States — China in particular, because they’re so good. 
It’s the number-one abuser of this country. 
And if you look at the way they take advantage, it’s through currency manipulation. 
It’s not even discussed in the almost 6,000-page agreement. 
It’s not even discussed.
Well, first of all, it’s not only Russia. 
We have problems with North Korea where they actually have nuclear weapons.
You know, nobody talks about it, we talk about Iran, and that’s one of the worst deals ever made. 
One of the worst contracts ever signed, ever, in anything, and it’s a disgrace. 
But, we have somebody over there, a madman, who already has nuclear weapons we don’t talk about that. 
That’s a problem.
China is a problem, both economically in what they’re doing in the South China Sea, I mean, they are becoming a very, very major force. 
So, we have more than just Russia. 
But, as far as the Ukraine is concerned, and you could Syria — as far as Syria, I like — if Putin wants to go in, and I got to know him very well because we were both on 60 Minutes, we were stablemates, and we did very well that night.
But, you know that.
But, if Putin wants to go and knocked the hell out of ISIS, I am all for it, 100%, and I can’t understand how anybody would be against it.
They blew up — hold it.
They blew up, wait a minute.
They blew up a Russian airplane. 
He cannot be in love with these people. 
He’s going in, and we can go in, and everybody should go in. 
As far as the Ukraine is concerned, we have a group of people, and a group of countries, including Germany — tremendous economic behemoth — why are we always doing the work?
We are — I’m all for protecting Ukraine and working — but, we have countries that are surrounding the Ukraine that aren’t doing anything. 
They say, “Keep going, keep going, you dummies, keep going.""
Protect us.
And we have to get smart. 
We can’t continue to be the policeman of the world. 
We are $19 trillion dollars, we have a country that’s going to hell, we have an infrastructure that’s falling apart. 
Our roads, our bridges, our schools, our airports, and we have to start investing money in our country.
Assad is a bad guy, but we have no idea who the so-called rebels — I read about the rebels, nobody even knows who they are. 
I spoke to a general two weeks ago, he said — he was very up on exactly what we’re talking about. 
He said, “You know, Mr. Trump? 
We’re giving hundreds of millions of dollars of equipment to these people, we have no idea who they are.”
So, I don’t like Assad. 
Who’s going to like Assad? 
But, we have no idea who these people, and what they’re going to be, and what they’re going to represent. 
They may be far worse than Assad. 
Look at Libya. 
ook at Iraq. 
Look at the mess we have after spending $2 trillion dollars, thousands of lives, wounded warriors all over the place — who I love, OK? 
All over.
We have nothing. 
And, I said, keep the oil. 
And we should have kept the oil, believe me. 
We should have kept the oil. 
And, you know what? 
We should have given the oil.
We should’ve given big chunks to the people that lost their arms, their legs, and their families, and their sons, and daughters, because right now, you know who has a lot of that oil?
Why does she keep interrupting everybody?
Well, what’s happening right now, Neil, is something that not been a subject of conversation by politicians. 
As primarily the only politician, I guess other than Carly on the stage, they haven’t talked about a corporate inversion. 
A corporate inversion — companies are leaving. 
You know, we used to leave New York to go to Florida. 
We got better taxes, we got, maybe, something else.
Now, they’re the United States to go to other countries. 
They have trillions of dollars in those other countries. 
They’re going for two reasons, they can’t get their money back in. 
It’s something where the democrats and the republicans both agree, it’s the only thing I can think of. 
They both agree, let the money come back in.
Three and a half years, they still can’t make a deal. 
They can’t get the money in. 
It’s probably two and a half trillion, but, I think it’s much more than that. 
All of that money could become — could come right in and be used to rebuild our country, and investments in our country. 
They can’t do it. 
What we have to do, and what I’ve done, is made the tax rate — and one of the reasons they don’t (INAUDIBLE) the taxes so obnoxious, they can’t do it
Where, I made it a 10% number, as you know. 
I’ve been very highly praised for it. 
 lot of money’s going to come back in, we’re going to get rid of the bureaucratic problems, and roadblocks, because that’s also a problem. 
 And, we’re going to have all of this money pour back into the United States. 
 It’s going to be used to build businesses, for jobs, and everything else.
And, as I say, my expression is, let’s make America great again.
Thank you. 
Over the years, I’ve created tens of thousands of jobs and a great company. It’s a company I’m very proud of. 
Some of the most iconic assets anywhere in the world. 
And I will tell you, I don’t have to give you a website because I’m self-funding my campaign. 
I’m putting up my own money.
I want to do something really special. 
I want to make our country greater than it’s ever been. 
I think we have that potential. 
We cannot lose this election. 
We cannot let Hillary Clinton, who is the worst secretary of state in the history of our country, win this election.
We will fight. 
We will win. 
And we truly will make this even more special. 
We have to make it better than ever before. 
And I will tell you, the United States can actually be better than ever before. 
I think maybe my greatest weakness is that I trust people too much. 
I’m too trusting. 
And when they let me down, if they let me down, I never forgive. 
I find it very, very hard to forgive people that deceived me. 
So I don’t know if you would call that a weakness, but my wife said “let up
No, not a comic book, and it’s not a very nicely asked question the way you say that.
Larry Kudlow is an example, who I have a lot of respect for, who loves my tax plan. We’re reducing taxes to 15 percent. 
We’re bringing corporate taxes down, bringing money back in, corporate inversions. 
We have $2.5 trillion outside of the United States which we want to bring back in.
As far as the wall is concerned, we’re going to build a wall. 
We’re going to create a border. 
We’re going to let people in, but they’re going to come in legally. 
They’re going to come in legally. 
And it’s something that can be done, and I get questioned about that. 
They built the great wall of China. 
That’s 13,000 miles. 
Here, we actually need 1,000 because we have natural barriers. 
We can do a wall. 
We’re going to have a big, fat beautiful door right in the middle of the wall. 
We’re going to have people come in, but they’re coming in legally. 
And Mexico’s going to pay for the wall because Mexico — I love the Mexican people; I respect the Mexican leaders — but the leaders are much sharper, smarter and more cunning than our leaders.
And just to finish, people say, how will you get Mexico to pay? 
A politician other than the people in the states — I don’t want to — a politician cannot get them to pay. 
We lose, we have a trade imbalance
Excuse me, John.
Then you have to get rid of Larry Kudlow, who sits on your panel, who’s a great guy, who came out the other day and said, I love Trump’s tax plan.
First of all, John got lucky with a thing called fracking, OK? He hit oil. He got lucky with fracking. Believe me, that is why Ohio is doing well. Number — and that is important for you to know.
Number two, this was the man that was a managing general partner at Lehman Brothers when it went down the tubes and almost took every one of us with it, including Ben and myself, because I was there and I watched what happened.
And Lehman Brothers started it all. He was on the board. And he was a managing general partner.
And just thirdly, he was so nice. He was such a nice guy. And he said, oh, I’m never going to attack. But then his poll numbers tanked. He has got — that is why he is on the end.
I think you’re
Well, first of all, like many other very big businessmen, I could name them here, but I’m not going to do that for a lot of obvious reasons, but the biggest, and almost all of them, they’ve all used the chapter laws, the bankruptcy laws to their own benefit.
Before this, I was a very successful person as a developer and as a businessman. Atlantic City has gone bad. I mean, Chris will know about that. I’m not blaming Chris, by the way, but he will know about that. Caesar’s — excuse me — Caesar’s, the Rolls-Royce, as you know, is in bankruptcy. Almost every hotel in Atlantic City has either been in bankruptcy or will be in bankruptcy — the biggest.
But also the biggest people (ph) — now I’ve used that to my advantage as a business man, for my family, for myself. I never filed for bankruptcy. But many, many people did. What happened with Atlantic City is very, very disgraceful.
Now hundreds of companies I’ve opened. I’ve used it three times, maybe four times. Came out great. But I guess I’m supposed to come out great. That is what I could do for the country. We owe $19 trillion, boy am I good at solving debt problems. Nobody can solve it like me.
But I will tell you this, Atlantic City, you’re using that, hundreds of companies that I have opened have thrived. I built a net worth of way over $10 billion, and I have done it four times out of hundreds. And I’m glad I did it.
I used the laws of the country to my benefit, I’m sorry.
Thank you
I was not at all critical of him. I was not at all. In fact, frankly, he’s complaining about the fact that we’re losing some of the most talented people. They go to Harvard. They go to Yale. They go to Princeton. They come from another country and they’re immediately sent out.
I am all in favor of keeping these talented people here so they can go to work in Silicon Valley.
So I have nothing at all critical of him.
Probably, I don’t know — you people write the stuff. I don’t know where you
And if I could say just one thing. I am the only person in either campaign that’s self-funding. I’m putting up 100 percent of my own money. And right now, I will be putting up a tremendous — so far, I’ve put up less than anybody and I have the best results. Wouldn’t that be nice if the country could do that?
But I will be putting — I will be putting up, you know, tremendous amounts of money. SuperPacs are a disaster. They’re a scam. They cause dishonesty. And you better get rid of them because they are causing a lot of bad decisions to be made by some very good people. And I’m not blaming these folks — well, I guess I could.
Very good people are making very bad decisions right now. And if anything comes out of this whole thing with some of these nasty and ridiculous questions, I will tell you, you better get rid of the SuperPacs because they causing a big problem with this country, not only in dishonesty and what’s going on, but also in a lot of bad decisions that have been made for the benefit of lobbyists and special interests.
I never said that. I never said that.
You’ve got another gentleman in Florida, who happens to be a very nice guy, but not
he’s really doing some bad
I never said that. I never said that.
He has got another gentleman in Florida, who happens to be a very nice guy, but not
Everybody is really doing some bad fact.
I’m in favor of people coming into this country legally. And you know what? They can have it anyway you want. You can call it visas, you can call it work permits, you can call it anything you want. I’ve created tens of thousands of jobs, and in all due respect — and actually some of these folks I really like a lot — but I’m the only one that can say that. I have created tens of thousands of jobs, and I’ll be creating many millions of jobs if I’m given — if I’m given the opportunity to be president.
As far as Mark is concerned, as far as the visas are concerned, if we need people, they have — it’s fine. They have to come into this country legally. We have a country of borders. We have a country of laws. We have to obey the laws. It’s fine if they come in, but they have to come in legally.
Yes.
Or somebody else. Right.
Yes, I might feel more comfortable. I would say that I would and I have a permit, which is very unusual in New York — a permit to carry. And I do carry on occasion, sometimes a lot. But I like to be unpredictable so that people don’t know exactly.
I'm Donald Trump. I wrote "The Art of the Deal". I say not in a braggadocious way, I've made billions and billions of dollars dealing with people all over the world, and I want to put whatever that talent is to work for this country so we have great trade deals, we make our country rich again, we make it great again. We build our military, we take care of our vets, we get rid of Obamacare, and we have a great life altogether.
Thank you. Thank you.
I never attacked him on his look, and believe me, there's plenty of subject matter right there. That I can tell you.
Well, in Wisconsin. Excuse me. In Wisconsin, you're losing $2.2 billion right now. I would do so much better than that.
Every major business leader has used the -- I never went bankrupt, by the way, as you know, everybody knows. But we -- hundreds of companies, hundreds of deals, I've used into bankruptcy. That's what's wrong with politicians in Washington right now. They think we can take a country into bankruptcy.
Every major business leader, has used the -- I never went bank bankrupt, by the way, as you know, everybody knows. But -- hundreds of companies, hundreds of deals, I used the law four times and made a tremendous thing. I'm in business. I did a very good job.
But I will say this, and people are very, very impressed with what I've done, the business people. But when the folks of Iowa found out the true facts of the job that you've done in Wisconsin, all of a sudden you, tubed (ph), he was No. 1 and now he's No. 6 or seven in the polls.
So, look, we brought it out, you were supposed to make a billion dollars in the state. You lost 2.2 -- you have right now, a huge budget deficit. That's not a Democratic point. That's a point. That's a fact. And when the people of Iowa found that out, I went to No. 1 and you went down the tubes.
I didn't. Totally false. I would have gotten it. I promise I would have gotten it. I promise if I wanted it, I would have gotten it. I know my people. I know my people.
No. I just will tell you that, you know, Jeb made the statement. I'm not only referring to him. I -- a lot of money was raised by a lot of different people that are standing up here. And the donors, the special interests, the lobbyists have very strong power over these people.
I'm spending all of my money, I'm not spending -- I'm not getting any -- I turned down -- I turn down so much, I could have right now from special interests and donors, I could have double and triple what he's got. I've turned it down. I turned down last week $5 million from somebody.
So I will tell you I understand the game, I've been on the other side all of my life. And they have a lot of control over our politicians. And I don't say that favorably, and I'm not sure if there's another system, but I say this. I am not accepting any money from anybody. Nobody has control of me other than the people of this country. I'm going to do the right thing.
That's true. That's true. I was -- excuse me, Jeb. I was a businessman, I got along with Clinton, I got along with everybody. That was my job, to get along with people. I didn't want to -- excuse me. One second. OK, more energy tonight. I like that. 
I didn't want -- it was my obligation as a businessman to my family, to my company, to my employees, to get along with all politicians. I get along with all of them, and I did a damn good job in doing it. Go ahead.
Got along with everybody. Wrong. Don't make things up. Jeb, don't make things up. Come on. Don't make things up.
So, number one, they have to respect you. He has absolutely no respect for President Obama. Zero.
Syria's a mess. You look at what's going on with ISIS in there, now think of this: we're fighting ISIS. ISIS wants to fight Syria. Why are we fighting ISIS in Syria? Let them fight each other and pick up the remnants.
I would talk to him. I would get along with him. I believe -- and I may be wrong, in which case I'd probably have to take a different path, but I would get along with a lot of the world leaders that this country is not getting along with.
We don't get along with China. We don't get along with the heads of Mexico. We don't get along with anybody, and yet, at the same time, they rip us left and right. They take advantage of us economically and every other way. We get along with nobody.
I will get along -- I think -- with Putin, and I will get along with others, and we will have a much more stable -- stable world.
I believe that I will get along -- we will do -- between that, Ukraine, all of the other problems, we won't have the kind of problems that our country has right now with Russia and many other nations.
I wouldn't have drawn the line, but once he drew it, he had no choice but to go across. They do bear some responsibility, but I think he probably didn't do it, not for that reason.
Somehow, he just doesn't have courage. There is something missing from our president. Had he crossed the line and really gone in with force, done something to Assad -- if he had gone in with tremendous force, you wouldn't have millions of people displaced all over the world.
They had a responsibility, absolutely. I think we have three of them here
Jeb, just. I think it will haunt him. I think it's a terrible. I think it's going to haunt him absolutely. He came back later and he said he misspoke. There was no question because I heard when he said the statement. I was watching and he said the statement.
And I said, wow, I can't believe it. I will take care of women. I respect women. I will take care of women.
One thing we will say and I would like to get back to the Iran situation. We're talking about Iran. The agreement was terrible. It was incompetent. I've never seen anything like it. One of the worst contracts of any kind I've ever seen.
And nobody ever mentions North Korea where you have this maniac sitting there and he actually has nuclear weapons and somebody better start thinking about North Korea and perhaps a couple of other places. But certainly North Korea.
And Ted and I have spoken. We've -- a lot of us have spoken. We're talking about Iran. They are bad actors, bad things are going to happen. But in the meantime, you have somebody right now in North Korea who has got nuclear weapons and who is saying almost every other week, I'm ready to use them. And we don't even mention it.
So why didn't you say it? Why didn't you say it? I know, but why did you say it? I heard it myself. Why did you say it? You said you're going to cut funding for women's health. You said it. You said it.
Correct. First of all, I want to build a wall, a wall that works. So important, and it's a big part of it.
Second of all, we have a lot of really bad dudes in this country from outside, and I think Chris knows that, maybe as well as anybody.
They go, if I get elected, first day they're gone. Gangs all over the place. Chicago, Baltimore, no matter where you look.
We have a country based on laws. I will make sure that those laws are adhered to. These are illegal immigrants. I don't think you'd even be asking this question if I didn't run because when I ran, and I brought this up, my opening remarks at Trump Tower, I took heat like nobody has taken heat in a long time. And, then they found out with the killing of Katie, from San Francisco, and so many other crimes, they found out that I was right.
And, most people, many people, apologized to me. I don't think you'd even be talking about illegal immigration if it weren't for me. So, we have a country of laws, they're going to go out, and they'll come back if they deserve to come back. If they've had a bad record, if they've been arrested, if they've been in jail, they're never coming back. We're going to have a country again. Right now, we don't have a country, we don't have a border, and we're going to do something about it, and it can be done with proper management, and it can be done with heart.
By the way, I agree with -- with what Chris is saying, but, I will say this. Illegal immigration is costing us more than $200 billion dollars a year just to maintain what we have.
Correct. Well, I have to tell you, I hear phenomenal things. I hear your wife is a lovely woman. I don't know her, and this is a total mischaracterization. Good. No, I won't do that, because I've said nothing wrong. But I do hear she's a lovely woman. 
Jeb said. that they come into our country as an act of love.
Not with this intensity.
As I said, we are spending $200 billion -- we are spending $200 billion a year on maintaining what we have. We will move them out. The great ones will come back, the good ones will come back.
They'll be expedited, they'll be back, they'll come back legally. We'll have a country -- they'll come back, legally.
Well, I think it's wonderful and all, but I did it a little bit half-heartedly, but I do mean it to a large extent.
We have a country, where, to assimilate, you have to speak English. And I think that where he was, and the way it came out didn't sound right to me. We have to have assimilation -- to have a country, we have to have assimilation.
I'm not the first one to say this, Dana. We've had many people over the years, for many, many years, saying the same thing. This is a country where we speak English, not Spanish.
This is a reporter, not a high school kid.
I agree 100 percent, by the way, with Carly on the fact that the Democrats do not want to solve this problem, for the obvious reasons, but they do not.
But I believe that a reading of the 14th Amendment allows you to have an interpretation where this is not legal and where it can't be done. I've seen both sides, but some of the greatest scholars agree with me, without having to go through Congress.
If you do go through Congress, you can absolutely solve the problem.
let me -- well, let me just explain. The head of the Yale Business School, Jeffrey Sonnenfeld, wrote a paper recently, one of the worst tenures for a CEO that he has ever seen, ranked one of the top 20 in the history of business. The company is a disaster and continues to be a disaster. They still haven't recovered. In fact, today, on the front page of the Wall Street Journal, they fired another 25 or 30,000 people saying we still haven't recovered from the catastrophe.
When Carly says the revenues went up, that's because she bought Compaq, it was a terrible deal, and it really led to the destruction of the company.
Now one other company before that was Lucent. Carly was at Lucent before that. And Lucent turned out to be a catastrophe also. So I only say this. She can't run any of my companies. That I can tell you.
I never filed for bankruptcy. I'll tell you. I was running. Carly, Carly. I've made over $10 billion. I had a casino company -- Caesars just filed for bankruptcy. Chris will tell you -- it's not Chris' fault either -- but almost everybody in Atlantic City is either in trouble or filed for -- maybe I'll blame Chris.
But Atlantic City is a disaster. 
Wait a minute, Carly. Wait. I let you speak. Atlantic City is a disaster, and I did great in Atlantic City. I knew when to get out. My timing was great. And I got a lot of credit for it.
Many of the great business people that you know -- and Carl Icon (ph) is going to work with me on making great deals for this country. But whether it's Carl or so many others that we read about all the time 
Well, I'd like to respond, I'd like to respond.
Well, I think the thing about the flat tax, I know it very well. What I don't like is that if you make $200 million a year, you pay ten percent, you're paying very little relatively to somebody that's making $50,000 a year, and has to hire H&R Block to do the -- because it's so complicated.
One thing I'll say to Ben is that we've had a graduated tax system for many years, so it's not a socialistic thing. What I'd like to do, and I'll be putting in the plan in about two weeks, and I think people are going to like it, it's a major reduction in taxes. It's a major reduction for the middle class. The hedge fund guys won't like me as much as they like me right now. I know them all, but they'll pay more.
I know people that are making a tremendous amount of money and paying virtually no tax, and I think it's unfair.
Well, I heard Hugh Hewitt, a nice man, he apologized because he actually said that we had a misunderstanding. And he said today that Donald Trump is maybe the best interview there is anywhere that he has ever done.
Now unless he was just saying that on CNN to be nice, but he did say that.
And we had a legitimate misunderstanding in terms of his pronunciation of a word. Well, I think it was. And he actually said that. Did you say that?
OK. So I will say this, though, Hugh was giving me name after name, Arab name, Arab name, and there are few people anywhere, anywhere that would have known those names. I think he was reading them off a sheet.
And frankly I will have -- and I told him, I will have the finest team that anybody has put together and we will solve a lot of problems.
You know, right now they know a lot and look at what is happening. The world is blowing up around us. We will have great teams and great people.
I hope that answers your question. I mean, you are in the Senate, but I hope that answers your question.
No, I don't think he's suggesting that at all. I mean. I don't think he's suggesting that at all.
Well, you have to understand, I am not sitting in the United States Senate with, by the way, the worst voting record there is today. Number one. I am not sitting in the United States Senate. I'm a businessman doing business transactions.
I am doing business transactions. I will know more about this -- and, as you said, that was very acceptable, and when you listen to that whole interview, it's a great interview, you said it, I didn't. Well, now I did. But. Listen, just one second. Just one second. I will know.
I will know more about the problems of this world by the time I sit, and you look at what's going in this world right now by people that supposedly know, this world is a mess. TAPPER: Senator Rubio, he did invoke your absentee record in the Senate.
I'm -- and I'm meeting with people that are terrific people, but I have to say something because it's about judgment.
I am the only person on this dais -- the only person -- that fought very, very hard against us (ph), and I wasn't a sitting politician going into Iraq, because I said going into Iraq -- that was in 2003, you can check it out, check out -- I'll give you 25 different stories.
In fact, a delegation was sent to my office to see me because I was so vocal about it. I'm a very militaristic person, but you have to know when to use the military. I'm the only person up here that fought against going into Iraq.
Just excuse me, one second, Rand. If you don't mind, Rand -- you know, you are on last -- you do have your 1 percent.
I would like -- and I think it's very important. I think it's important, because it's about judgment. It's about judgment.
I didn't want to go into Iraq, and I fought it, because what I said -- what I said.
If you think about it. Your brother -- and your brother's administration gave us Barack Obama, because it was such a disaster, those last three months, that Abraham Lincoln couldn't have been elected.
I don't know. You feel safe right now? I don't feel so safe. Or the collapse of the economy. 
Speaking for myself, I'm OK with it. I think there's a certain truth to it. I know people that, frankly, it has no impact on their life whatsoever. There are many people.
I would almost say leave it up to them, but I would be willing to check it off, and say I will not get Social Security. I do not.
As a policy, I would almost leave it up to the people. Don't forget they pay in and they pay in, and maybe they do well, and maybe some people want it. But the fact is that there are people that truly don't need it, and there are many people that do need it very, very badly. And I would be willing to write mine off 100 percent, Dana.
Well, I -- I -- I'd like to respond. I'd like to respond. 
Autism has become an epidemic. Twenty-five years ago, 35 years ago, you look at the statistics, not even close. It has gotten totally out of control.
I am totally in favor of vaccines. But I want smaller doses over a longer period of time. Because you take a baby in -- and I've seen it -- and I've seen it, and I had my children taken care of over a long period of time, over a two or three year period of time.
Same exact amount, but you take this little beautiful baby, and you pump -- I mean, it looks just like it's meant for a horse, not for a child, and we've had so many instances, people that work for me.
Just the other day, two years old, two and a half years old, a child, a beautiful child went to have the vaccine, and came back, and a week later got a tremendous fever, got very, very sick, now is autistic.
I only say it's not -- I'm in favor of vaccines, do them over a longer period of time, same amount.
But just in -- in little sections. I think -- and I think you're going to have -- I think you're going to see a big impact on autism.
And that's all I'm saying, Jake. That's all I'm saying.
Well, because she's been sitting for three hours, I think my daughter, Ivanka, who's right here. Other than that we'll go with Rosa Parks. I like that.
If I become president, we will do something really special. We will make this country greater than ever before. We'll have more jobs. We'll have more of everything.
We were discussing disease, we were discussing all sorts of things tonight, many of which will just be words, it will just pass on. I don't want to say politicians, all talk, no action. But a lot of what we talked about is words and it will be forgotten very quickly.
If I'm president, many of the things that we discussed tonight will not be forgotten. We'll find solutions. And the world will respect us. They will respect us like never before. And it will be actually a friendlier world.
And I have to say, it is a great honor to be here tonight.
